And except these three themes, otherwise there is not the Vajrayana teaching Vajrayana.
And therefore this time, the time during the time of the Buddha Chaturmani's teaching era,
that we are, we're all known as the human being, really eating endowments, or the freedom and
luckiness we call it, just human beings, that we are with freedom and luckiness is made up.
Not just only that we have this freedom and luckiness we call it just, but we are
perfectly in the path of the Vajrayana, or the seven Vajrayana teachings.
And therefore, this time, you could not be under the powers of the leadingness and in limited use.
And therefore, please this is the time to practice of the Siva Vajrayana.
In order to practice the Vajrayana teaching, we need four qualities of the Vajrayana teaching,
that are four ingredients we need. And we don't have these four ingredients or the qualities,
then we could be practicing the Samayana and again heading to the mall and the dip of samsara.
And the Buddhas of the past and present and the future eat teachings, so many teachings,
but no one could have taught the teachings that were rich in enlightenment without,
oh sorry, no one got enlightenment by using directly, regularly the negative emotions.
Or just without it, never said that you will get enlightenment, but by just using directly
negative emotions as it is. Now, here is our Gubuchudyenness, therefore,
what are those four ingredients or four necessities or four qualities?
For example, oh not example, we will be practicing. Well, we are practicing
and our three drawers, the body, speak mind, are instantly kind of like going to the only
habit patterns or regular our carrier, kind of carried by the regular our habit patterns.
When our three doors are carried by the regular old habit patterns, that moment
instantly cut down with forcefully of the habit pattern so that we restore our
realization or our practices, so that we could have the method or the instruction that we can
instantly cut down the old habit pattern when we are losing control and then same time restore.
Not taken in this act is the number that is first ingredient or necessities.